what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the season 2 recap of
killing e season 2 kicks off right where
season 1 ended so make sure to check out
my season 1 recap first as always I will
be spoiling the entire season so proceed
with caution Eve is in shock from having
just stabbed villanelle and flees the
assassins apartment her phone rings and
it's her former boss Carolyn who somehow
knows exactly where she is and instructs
Eve to get her butt back to London ASAP
Eve is in the security line for a train
headed to London when she realizes she
still has the knife she used to stab
villanelle in her pocket she ditches it
in the bathroom and hops on board once
back home
Eve's phone rings non-stop she ignores
it and in an attempt at normalcy
prepares dinner for her hubby
but it's only after Niko arrives home
that ev'ry Liza's she forgot to put the
chicken in the oven and villanelles
blood is still embedded under her
fingernails Eve is not okay meanwhile
villanelle is still alive but just
barely
she throws herself in front of a taxi
and the terrified driver drops her off
at the hotel during her hospital stay
she befriends a teenage patient in the
next bed he's curious about her stab
wound and villanelle tells him her
girlfriend did it to show how much she
cared about villanelle she goes on to
tell him that she knows Eve better than
Eve knows herself
the teenager supplies her with some
snazzy PJ's and helps her secure
Hospital ID tags and medicine villanelle
repays him by snapping his neck she then
hides in the back of a minivan headed
for London Eve finally meets with
Carolyn and admits to visiting
villanelles apartment but leaves out the
whole stabbing incident Carolyn hires
her back believing Eve is the only one
who can catch villanelle she then tells
Eve about the posthumous note left by
Nadia
on which she had written the name
Alastair peel although Alastair has been
dead for two months mi6 had his body
exhumed Eve studies the new evidence and
concludes his death was likely the work
of her favorite assassin but what's so
special about Alastair peel villanelle
arrives in London swiped some clothes
from a laundromat and hits the grocery
store in search of someone to leech off
of while healing from her knife loan she
stumbles upon the kind-hearted Julian
who believes her fake sob story and just
so happens to have a spare bedroom
villanelle can use for a few days Eve is
officially back in the fold and getting
used to the new mi6 headquarters as well
as her new team consisting of newcomers
jess and hugo we're not completely sure
we're told she developed a nervousness
about the risks of the job Eve confesses
to Kenny about stabbing villanelle and
he tells her not to tell his mother thus
propelling even Kenny's secret
adventures into season 2 Eve briefs the
newbies on villanelle and if you weren't
convinced of her complete obsession
before the way she stares longingly at
villanelles photo is all the proof you
need
that evening Eve boobles woman stabbed
in Paris and finds an article about
villanelles hospital roomie you know the
one whose neck she snapped villanelle
left a subtle calling card just for Eve
once bitten Apple left in the boys hand
get it Apple Eve Mac at Julian's
villanelle tries to recuperate but turns
out homeboy is crazy as hell when her
knife wound gets infected
she asked Julian for antibiotics he
tells her she's being silly then locks
her inside the house thankfully she
manages to call the twelve and gives
them a coded message she then tries to
call her booth bang at mi6 but is told
eople Astri is not in the mi6 directory
Eva's knee-deep in the Alistair Peele
murder investigation when she realizes
the method of killing an injection
between the toenail is far too subtle
for the brazen
nelle this is the work of a new assassin
who Eve nicknames the ghost although
still extremely sick villanelle gets the
upper hand over Julianne and stabs him
in the neck with a knitting needle
finally free she stumbles out of the
house and to a car that just so happens
to be waiting for her inside is her new
handler Raymond who she takes an
immediate disliking to when she tries to
leave the car Raymond shoves her face
into the window and chokes her saying
you're on a very tight leash from now on
moments later Carolyn and Eve arrive at
Julien's house
it seems villanelles call to mi6 was
traced and as Raymond drives away
villanelle longingly stares at Eve after
finding crazy-ass Julianne murdered
Carolyn and Eve head to Carolyn's crib
where to Eve's complete shock
Constantine is sitting on the couch the
12 want Constantine dead and the only
way to secure his safety was to fake his
death and place him and his family in
witness protection problem is
Constantine isn't allowed any contact
with his family
Constantine tries to warn Eve away from
villanelle telling her villanelles love
is dangerous and all-consuming and Eve
won't survive it it's back to business
for villanelle her wound is healed and
she's once more assassinating targets in
an elevator shaft she strangles a
businessman with his own tie afterward
she meets Raymond and he tells her about
the new assassin and the quiet way she
takes out her victims he explains that
the new assassin doesn't work for the
twelve but they want her to and if
villanelle keeps pissing them off with
her flamboyant kills she'll not only be
out of the job but the ghost next target
that is if mi6 doesn't find the new
assassin before the twelve do villanelle
is jealous that Eve's investigating
another assassin and sets her sights on
Eve's hubby Nikko disguised as a teacher
villanelle shows up to Nicko's faculty
cocktail party
Eve accompanies Nico to the party and
meets Gemma Nico's co-worker who clearly
wants to bone him Eve asked Nico to take
her to his classroom soon things began
to heat up and he was about to receive a
little extra credit when she spies an
apple
sitting on Nico's desk and freaks out
convinced it was left by villanelle
speaking of villanelle she's still at
the party and has befriended the lusty
gemma she encourages Gemma to seduce
Nico because his neglectful wife clearly
doesn't deserve him meanwhile Eve
convinced villanelle is at the school
pulls the fire alarm and rushes outside
to try to spot her but there's no sign
of the assassin a furious Nico tells Eve
to go home and while Eve is distracted
the stealthy villanelle slips a tube of
lipstick in her purse the next day even
team are investigating the elevator
murder but Eve isn't yet convinced as
villanelles work she thinks it's too
ostentatious to be the ghost but it's
not up to villanelles usual flamboyance
either she then finds the tube of
lipstick villanelle dropped in her purse
it's named love in an elevator Eva goes
behind Carolyn's back and ask Kenny to
hack into the mi6 database and find out
where Constantine's family is being held
but Kenny doesn't want to piss off his
mom and refuses Eve yells at him to just
do it poor Kenny gets the info and Eve
strikes a deal with the clearly
untrustworthy Constantine she'll tell
him where his family is if he tells her
where villanelle is villanelle arrives
back at her hotel to find Constantine
waiting keep in mind the last time these
two saw eachother
villanelle had kidnapped Constantine's
daughter and was trying to kill him
thankfully villanelle isn't one to dwell
on the past
Constantine offers her a new job quit
working for the twelve and start
freelance assassinating with him as her
handler again he then warns her mi6 is
on the way and moments later even crew
us into the hotel even villanelle have
another erotic Lea charged moment
through a closed door before li6 rushes
in to find an empty room
caroline is once again disappointed by
Eve she commands Eve to forget about
villanelle and focus her efforts on
Alistair pills murder and the ghost as
if she could Eve finally applies love on
an elevator only to be cut on the lip by
a tiny pin knife buried inside we get
our first look at someone higher on the
mi6 food chain than Carolyn her boss
Helen after the latest snafu Helen wants
to pull the plug on Eve's operation but
Carolyn insists everything's going to
plan back at mi6 eve has spent all night
investigating Alastair peel and the
ghost and she's uncovered a handful of
deaths all made to look inconspicuous
and all connecting in some way to
Alastair Peel even just speak to
Alastair son Aaron but he's kind of a
prick and not at all helpful meanwhile
villanelle and Constantine are no longer
under the thumb of the twelve and
getting ready for their first kill for
hire villanelle is desperate for Eve's
attention and after sending Eve a rather
gruesome postcard villanelle dressed in
a pig's mask literally guts her target
like a pig which is sure to get Eve's
attention or it would if Eve knew about
it
Carolyn intercepts villanelles postcard
to Eve and instructs Jess to investigate
a quick check in with Eve's marriage
shows things are about as terrible as
you would imagine when mi6 assigns a
protective detail to live with them Eve
tells them it's standard procedure but
Nico's no idiot just pops up an
Amsterdam to investigate the pig murder
and you can practically feel villanelles
rage it doesn't even care about her
anymore a heartbroken villanelle goes on
a bender in a club and almost kills a
random girl before Constantine tracks
her out the next morning we see her shed
real tears
Hugo questions Eve about her obsession
with villanelle and asked her if she
prefers watching or being watched Eve
replies both the moment is charged and
Hugo moves in for a kiss just as Eve's
phone goes off it's Kenny they found the
ghost even team move in
the very normal-looking ghost right
after she drops her kids off to school
Eve is questioning the ghost and getting
nowhere until she mentions villanelles
name the ghost looks frightened and
calls villanelle the demon with no face
she then informs Eve that villanelle is
no longer working for the 12 but when
Eve presses her further asking who she
works for
the ghost clams up Eve gets the crazy
idea that psychopathic serial killer
villanelle should interrogate the ghost
she then comes up with an even crazier
idea Eve will order a hit on herself and
hire villanelle to do the job and
Carolyn's like Jess makes a fantastic
point about how Eve is never asked to
document any of her work for mi6 and
let's not forget when villanelle tried
to call Eve mi6 had no record of her
meanwhile villanelle gets her next
target and flips out she refuses but
Constantine tells her to put on her
big-girl pants and do what needs to be
done for once even Nico aren't fighting
and seemed to be enjoying each other's
company
Nico tells Eve he's been called away to
chaperone a spelling bee in Oxford for
the next few days which is completely
Carolyn's doing Eve then receives a
funeral floral arrangement with her name
spelled out in roses villanelle is
coming and Eve is aroused she grabs Nico
and races upstairs for some villanelle
inspired shagging dressed in a
bulletproof vest Eve is ready to get
killed by Villa del on her way out
Kinney pulls her aside and tells her
she's acting batshit crazy Eve tells him
no problem she'll just place him on
another team Eve's on the subway raging
and when a man bumps into her she almost
pushes him into the path of an oncoming
subway car back at home she removes her
bulletproof vest because of course she
does villanelle walks in wearing a veil
and holding a bottle of champagne after
a little small talk they both admit they
were afraid the other forgot about them
which is sick and twisted but kind of
sweet Eve tells villanelle she put the
hit
on herself and villanelles like whatever
I'm still killing you
she gives Eve a bunch of pills and Eve
convinced villanelle is bluffing takes
them villanelle immediately freaks out
and tells Eve the pills are cyanide Eve
runs to the sink to vomit when
villanelle starts laughing after the
joke all is forgiven and forgotten and
villanelle agrees to interrogate the
ghost the ghost is being held in a
shipping container in the middle of the
forest because if you haven't figured it
out by now mi6 is just as shady as the
twelve villanelles interrogation is
successful and she finds out that
Alistair Peele son Aaron hired the ghost
Aaron is in possession of some sort of
super weapon one that everyone wants and
he's willing to kill for villanelle
expects Eve to jump for joy at her
success but instead even gives
villanelle a dry and insincere thank you
and villanelle storms off villanelle is
in her feelings and we all know what she
likes to do when she's in her feelings
she pops up in Oxford and tells Niko
about Eve stabbing her thus giving him
another reason to doubt his wife Niko is
back from his run-in with villanelle it
seems he finally understands his wife
has a dark side that can only be
fulfilled by someone like villanelle he
orders Eve upstairs on her hands and
knees and they engage in some presumably
extra freaky lovemaking the next morning
Eve is thrilled but Niko isn't and tells
her it's over but Eve doesn't have time
to mourn because the peel investigation
is heating up even Carolyn decides to
use Aaron's alcoholic sister amber to
get close to him Eve suggests using
Billa neligan and Carolyn's like Eve
Reeves villanelle who will play the role
of villi a bored rich girl with a
drinking problem Billy will show up to
Amber's a a meetings and befriend her in
the hopes of getting closer to Aaron and
if villanelle gets into any trouble
while she's undercover all she has to do
is say the word gentlemen Eve sets up
shop at a cafe across from the a a
meeting and listens in villanelle puts
on a show for Eve using snippets
of Yves life story in her introduction
speech when that doesn't endear her to
the group
she tries another tactic the truth most
days I feel nothing I try to find ways
of making myself feel something more but
it doesn't make any difference no matter
what I don't feel anything
not long after Eve gets a little bossy
with villanelle and villanelle reminds
her that she's you know crazy
then later villanelle pushes Amber's
annoying chaperone in front of a bus in
Eve's view although Eve is clearly
enjoying her daily tattoo tape with
villanelle she checks in with her
failing marriage Nikko has temporarily
moved in with Gemma and Eve drops off
his stuff makes everyone uncomfortable
in the process and breaks Gemma's
ballerina jewelry box villanelle would
be proud villanelles been invited to
dinner at the Pele residence and Eve and
Constantin are listening in a spy van
Aaron is uber creepy and condescending
during dinner his bullying behavior
becomes too much for villanelle and she
slaps him in the face with a book and
storms out but instead of heading for
the mi6 van she begins talking to young
women and right before the inevitable
kill villanelle reveals herself and the
relieved women invite her to walk with
them villanelle receives an apology note
from Aaron along with an invitation to
lunch Eve pops up unannounced and
questions villanelle about her a a
meeting confession does she really not
feel anything at all
villanelle tells her it's true except
when she's with Eve it's lunch date time
and Aaron has rented out an entire
restaurant because he's definitely a
douchebag and possibly a murdering
psychopath he's already ordered
villanelles food and intensely watches
her eat it he asked her to accompany him
to Rome with the promise of no touching
just watching when villanelle gets back
to her place she's greeted by nine
worried voicemails from Eve and smiles
while even the mi6 crew are planning
your trip to Rome villanelle checks in
with Nico he's at a storage unit with
the lusty Gemma
who decides this is the perfect time to
make a pass at him villanelle pulls out
a knife then proceeds to question Niko
about his feelings for both Gemma and
ease Niko admits he doesn't love Gemma
and is still in love with Eve which was
apparently not the answer at villanelle
wanted to hear
Eve's getting ready for Rome when the
poorly treated Kenney begs her not to go
but before he can elaborate Caroline
interrupts and whisks evil way to speak
to a psychopath expert about villanelle
after talking with Eve the expert tells
carolyn Eve's too close to villanelle
and Caroline's like she tells Eve to
make sure villanelle doesn't kill anyone
and sends her on her merry way in Rome
even Hugo check into their cramped hotel
room while villanelle checks in to
Aaron's ginormous villa mr. creepy
contrle
has purchased a brand new wardrobe for
villanelle and is watching her every
move literally he has cameras in every
room back at the hotel
even Hugo listen in while Aaron tells
villanelle all about his secret weapon
it's not a weapon per se but super
invasive software that can tell you
anything about everyone after a long day
of surveillance it's bedtime
Hugo goes to sleep but Eve is wide awake
and still listening while lying in bed
villanelle asks Eve if she's going to be
listening to her all night she then
begins to breathe heavily very heavily
Eve is immediately aroused she wakes up
Hugo and has sex with him while
listening to villanelle pleasure herself
through an earpiece
the next morning hugo sees Eve take out
the earpiece and realizes he'd been
nothing more than a villanelle surrogate
and we can't forget about poor Nico what
ever happened after his showdown with
villanelle the good news is villanelle
didn't kill him the bad news is she
definitely killed Gemma a bored
villanelle is exploring Aaron's place
and comes across his surveillance room
she watches footage of herself as well
as footage of other young women but
Aaron did
more than just watch these women he
murdered them villanelle keeps her
discovery to herself and joins Aaron for
breakfast he tells her a potential buyer
for his weapon is on the way showing her
a picture of the guy it's Raymond her
former handler for the 12 villanelle
uses the safe word gentlemen back at the
hotel Eve jumps up ready to rush to
villanelles aid when she hears a gunshot
in the hallway she hides under the bed
just as a man with a gun barges into the
room thankfully he gets a call and
hurries away out in the hallway Eve
finds an injured Hugo but leaves him to
bleed out because her boo thing is in
trouble she steals a maid's uniform from
the hotel allowing her to infiltrate the
Peale palace then dramatically bursts
into the dining room ready to rescue her
damsel in distress
except her damsel isn't actually in any
distress with her cover now blown
villanelle drops the fake Billie
impersonation and tells Eve about
Aaron's home movies as well as his
association with 12 handler Raymond you
can actually feel the jealousy flowing
between Aaron and Eve Aaron tells
villanelle she'll eventually get bored
with Eve and offers her a job as the
killer in his home movies with the
promise she'll never be bored again he
then gives her her first assignment kill
Eve villanelle picks up a knife and
approaches Eve but turns around and
slits Aaron's throat instead
unfortunately the new best buds don't
have time to celebrate
Raymond still in route once they're
safely away from Aaron's place even cyst
on returning to the hotel for the
surveillance footage it's the only way
to prove villanelle had a compelling
reason for killing Aaron they agree to
meet in front of the hotel in five
minutes and villanelle rushes off to
find a car back at the hotel Eve's room
has been swept clean no surveillance
equipment and no Hugo Carolyn then
waltzes in and doesn't seem at all upset
about villanelle killing Aaron Eve
quickly realizes that villanelle
murdering Aaron was Carolyn's plan all
along
mi6 used Eve and villain
well to get rid of Aaron without getting
their hands dirty they'll simply blame
his murder on the 12
it's a dirty move and Eve is incensed
meanwhile villanelle stumbles upon
Constantine while searching for an
unlocked car Austen teen tells her
Raymond has orders to kill her and
implores her to leave with him he also
admits he may have tipped Raymond off in
exchange for information about his
family's whereabouts villanelle refuses
to leave Eve and tells Constantine to
watch his back villanelle enters the
hotel in search of Eve and runs into an
axe wielding Raymond after a few words
they start fighting but Raymond gets the
upper hand and begins
choking villanelle Eve sneaks up behind
Raymond picks up his abandoned axe and
kills him with it she and villanelle
flee and end up in some deserted ruins
villanelles are busy planning their new
life together when she startled by some
birds and instinctively draws a gun Eve
realizes villanelle didn't need her to
kill Raymond she wanted her to a
pissed-off Eve tells villanelle she's
going home villanelle tries to touch her
and Eve screams at her villanelle
insists upon their love you do love me I
love you you're mine Eve turns away and
when villanelle realizes she's actually
leaving her she shoots Eve and that is
it for the recap thank you guys so much
for watching and make sure to subscribe
for more killing evideos and i'll see
you next week